[Docs] Document organization security model and connection access control (#20551)
meshery/meshery: docs/content/en/concepts/logical/organizations.md

- **Access control** — with a Remote Provider, Organizations carry roles and permissions that govern what each member may do with the Organization's resources.
- **Identity and branding** — a Remote Provider can extend an Organization with its own identity provider, custom domain, and branding (see [With a Remote Provider](#organizations-with-a-remote-provider) below).

## How Identity, Access, and Authorization Are Determined

While the Organization is the core of Meshery's security boundary, identity, access, and authorization are determined by a combination of three considerations:

> 1. **org-connected IdP (identity and authentication)** — More than one Organization can share the same identity providers, in both canonical and on-eTLD custom host classes. Authentication is resolved at the IdP level, not at the org boundary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. **Organization-connected identity provider (IdP) (identity and authentication)** — More than one Organization can share the same identity provider(s), in both canonical and custom-domain host classes under the same effective top-level domain (eTLD). Authentication is resolved at the IdP level, not at the Organization boundary.
```

2. **Assigned org-scoped keys, keychains, and roles (generic permission to perform an operation)** — A user's keys, keychains, and roles are scoped per-organization. The same user can and will have different permissions depending on which Organization context they are operating in.

> 3. **Resource access mapping (granular access to a specific resource)** — Resource access can and will cross organizational boundaries. A user does not need to be a member of an Organization to access a resource that belongs to it. For example, a Design shared by a user of one Organization with a user in another Organization.

Reviewer: @YASHMAHAKAL write this bit - "resource access mapping" makes no sense; comes out of the blue.
